Added a link to instructions for setting up the entity (#31794)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/individual-devices.markdown

## Devices with power (W) sensors

> Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices. How to set up an entity for use in the Energy Dashboard [read this](/docs/energy/faq/#troubleshooting-missing-entities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some smart devices, such as air conditioning, boilers, and others, may provide a power sensor, measured in Watts. You can use the [Integration (Riemann sum integral) integration](/integrations/integration/#energy) to calculate the energy your device is using. You can then use the energy sensor in the Energy Dashboard, as individual devices. For information on setting up an entity for use in the **Energy** dashboard, refer to the [energy FAQ](/docs/energy/faq/#troubleshooting-missing-entities).
```
